// For more info visit https://faq.ftb.world/books/ftb-utilities/page/ranks

[player]
power: 1
default_player_rank: true
command.ftbutilities.back: false
command.ftbutilities.setwarp: false
command.ftbutilities.delwarp: false
command.ftbutilities.home: false
command.ftbutilities.sethome: false
command.ftbutilities.delhome: false
command.ftbutilities.kickme: true
command.ftbutilities.nbtedit: false
command.ftbutilities.fly: false
command.ftbutilities.god: false
command.ftbutilities.heal: false
command.ftbutilities.inv: false
ftbutilities.claims.max_chunks: 6
ftbutilities.chunkloader.load_offline: false
ftbutilities.chunkloader.max_chunks: 2
ftbutilities.tpa.cross_dim: true
ftbutilities.tpa.cooldown: 10m

[operator]
power: 100
default_op_rank: true
ftbutilities.chat.name_format: <ยง3ยงl{name}&r>
command: true
command.ftbutilities.nbtedit: true
command.ftbutilities.back: true
command.ftbutilities.setwarp: true
command.ftbutilities.delwarp: true
command.ftbutilities.fly: true
command.ftbutilities.god: true
command.ftbutilities.heal: true
command.ftbutilities.inv: true
ftbutilities.tpa.cooldown: 0
ftbutilities.claims.max_chunks: 64
ftbutilities.chunkloader.load_offline: false
ftbutilities.chunkloader.max_chunks: 64
